# Data Products for Tsunami Risk Assessment:
<br>
## The **tsunami data product** in ETRiS provides access to various PTRA components, including **damage scales**, **fragility curves**, **consequence functions**, **vulnerability curves**, and **loss curves**.

#### <br>Each folder in this repository is associated with one of the PTRA components mentioned above.

<br>**Damage scales** The ensemble of mutually exclusive and collectively exhaustive damage states (DSi) to describe the whole range of possibilities of damage for an exposed asset (Buildings or other structure). <br>- The damage scale folder includes 5 different damage scales with description found in litrature.
<br><br>**Fragility curves** The probability of exceeding a given damage level (DSj) given a certain Intensity Measure (IM). <br>- The fragility curve folder contain the different fragilities mentioned at: [this link](https://github.com/eurotsunamirisk/etris_data_and_data_products/blob/main/etris_data_products/fragility_curves_table.csv) with the format mentioned at: [this link](https://github.com/eurotsunamirisk/etris_data_and_data_products/blob/main/etris_data_products/Fragility_Curves/ReadMe%20file%20for%20fragility%20data.pdf). Additionally, there is Bayesian Model Class Selection for certain datasets (still in progress), indicating the posterior probability associated with each Model Class. 
<br><br>**Consequence functions** The conditional probability distribution (e.g., mean, and standard deviation) of a decision variable DV (e.g., fatalities, economic loss) for prescribed damage states. <br>- The Consequence functions folder includes 6 different  Consequence functions with description found in litrature.
<br><br>**Vulnerability curves** The conditional probability distribution (e.g., mean and standard deviation) of a decision variable DV (e.g., fatalities, economic loss) as a function of the intensity measure IM. <br>- The Vulnerability curve folder contain the different fragilities mentioned at: [this link](https://github.com/eurotsunamirisk/etris_data_and_data_products/blob/main/etris_data_products/Vulnerability_curves_table.csv) with the format mentioned at: [this link](https://github.com/eurotsunamirisk/etris_data_and_data_products/blob/main/etris_data_products/Fragility_Curves/ReadMe%20file%20for%20Vulnerability%20data.pdf). 
<br><br>**Loss curves** The mean annual rate of exceeding specific thresholds dv for the decision variable DV. <br>- (still in progress)

